[TASK] Improve "Create a root page" chapter (#721)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Tutorial-GettingStarted: Documentation/FirstProject/CreateRootPage.rst

    *   You are familiar with the basic layout of the TYPO3
        `Backend <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3start:backend>`_.

..  contents:: Steps to create a root package

..  _create-root-page-new-page:

Create a new page on root level
===============================

Once you log into the TYPO3 backend, locate the :guilabel:`Web > Page` module on the left-hand
side of the screen. Click on the Page module to open the page tree.

..  figure:: /Images/ManualScreenshots/CreateRootPage/CreateNewPage.png
    :alt: The "Page" module in the TYPO3 backend with a context menu to create a new page

*   In the page tree, right-click on the "root level" or the top node of the page
    tree (if no pages exist yet, this will likely be labeled as "site" or similar).
    A context menu will appear.

*   From the context menu, select "New". This will open a form for creating a new
    page.

..  _create-root-page-configure:

Configure the newly created page
================================

Now, you need to configure the new page:

*   In the form that appears, give your new page a name.
    This will be the label of your root page in the page tree.

> *   Under the :guilabel:`Behaviour` tab, look for the checkbox called

Reviewer: Corrected spelling.

```suggestion
*   Under the :guilabel:`Behavior` tab, look for the checkbox called
```

    "Use as Root Page". Ensure this is checked.

..  figure:: /Images/ManualScreenshots/CreateRootPage/SetRootPage.png
    :alt: Page properties, tab "Behaviour", highlighting the "Use as root page"

..  _create-root-page-save:

Save the page
=============

Once you have filled in the necessary information and selected the
"Use as Root Page" option, click the "Save" button at the top of the
form. Your new root page will now appear in the page tree on the left.
The page is only visible in the Backend at this point

..  figure:: /Images/ManualScreenshots/CreateRootPage/PageCreated.png
    :alt: Backend module "Page" with a newly created but still disabled root page

    The root page is disabled, therefore it is marked with the red icon.
    You can enable it in the context menu.

..  _create-root-page-site:

Configure the site
==================

> You need a `Site configuration <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3start:site-management>`_.
> If you started in a freshly installed TYPO3 installation the site configuration
> was auto-created and you can edit it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All sites must have a `site configuration <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3start:site-management>`_.
If you have created a new page in the root of the page tree, the site configuration has been
created automatically and you can edit it:
```

This happens for all pages that are created on root level, independently of whether you are in a fresh installation or not. It even happens if you don't select "Use as root page" in the "Behavior" tab.

..  figure:: /Images/ManualScreenshots/CreateRootPage/AutogeneratedSiteConfig.png
    :alt: The auto-generated site of a new root page viewed in the "Sites" module

>     You can find the auto-generated site for your root page in the module :guilabel:`Site Management > Sites`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can find the auto-generated site configuration for your root page in the module :guilabel:`Site Management > Sites`
```

..  _create-root-page-site-package:

Create a site package for the theme
===================================

> The site needs a theme, called "site package" in the TYPO3 world.
> See chapter
> `site package <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3start:creating-a-site-package>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The site needs a theme, also known as a "site package" in the TYPO3 world. Learn more about 
`creating a site package <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3start:creating-a-site-package>`_.
```

..  admonition:: Trouble shooting

>     TYPO3 does not come with a default theme you need to install
>     or create a site package. Otherwise you will see a message like the
>     following when trying to display the page in the frontend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    TYPO3 does not come with a default theme. You will have to install
    or create a site package. If your site does not have a theme configured,
    you will see a message like the the one below when trying to display 
    the page in the frontend:
```

    ..  figure:: /Images/ManualScreenshots/CreateRootPage/NoTypoScriptFound.png
        :alt: Error message: No TypoScript record found!

        Error message when no site package is installed or configured

    *   `How to create a site package <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3start:how-to-create-a-site-package>`_
    *   `Troubleshooting "No TypoScript found!" <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3tsref:guide-troubleshooting>`_

>     *   Use the `Introduction Package <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3start:introductionpackage-index>`_
>         with a ready to use theme and predefined content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   The `Introduction Package <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3start:introductionpackage-index>`_
        includes a ready-to-use theme and example content.
```

..  _create-root-page-enable:

> Enable the page once ready
> ==========================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the page when you're ready
=================================
```
